docs: combine API and CRD reference index pages into one (#2849)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/docs/reference/index.md

## [CRD Reference](./crd-reference/index.md)

This section provides comprehensive reference information about the CRDs
that must be populated to tailor Keptn to your needs.

While the [API Reference](./api-reference/index.md) caters to advanced users with detailed technical specifications,
the CRD Reference serves as a more user-friendly alternative.
It presents the same information found in the API Reference but in a format
that is particularly useful for individuals who are not extremely advanced users.
While many resources are automatically populated,
the CRD Reference guides you through the manual steps for specific manifests.

For a comprehensive list of all Keptn resources, see the [API Reference](./api-reference/index.md).

To learn more about CRDs, APIs, and Kubernetes objects, consult the Kubernetes documentation:

* [API Overview](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/)
* [Custom Resources](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/)
* [API versioning](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/#api-versioning)

> * [Understanding Kubernetes Objects](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/kubernetes-objects/)

Author: what should I call the headline?

> * [Understanding Kubernetes Objects](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/kubernetes-objects/)

Author: Should i call it **Learn More**?

> * [Understanding Kubernetes Objects](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/kubernetes-objects/)

Author: Alright Done.

## [CRD Reference](./crd-reference/index.md)

This section provides comprehensive reference information about the CRDs
that must be populated to tailor Keptn to your needs.

While the [API Reference](./api-reference/index.md) caters to advanced users with detailed technical specifications,
the CRD Reference serves as a more user-friendly alternative.
It presents the same information found in the API Reference but in a format
that is particularly useful for individuals who are not extremely advanced users.
While many resources are automatically populated,
the CRD Reference guides you through the manual steps for specific manifests.

For a comprehensive list of all Keptn resources, see the [API Reference](./api-reference/index.md).

## [API Reference](./api-reference/index.md)

This auto-generated content from source code offers insights into the structure,
versioning, and functionality of Keptn APIs.

Each API corresponds to an object in our API library, following Kubernetes API versioning.
Keptn APIs extend the base Kubernetes API with additional objects and functionality.
Notably, Keptn generates many of its resources automatically, minimizing the need for manual input.

> ## Learn More 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Learn more
```

# Reference

> Welcome to the Keptn documentation reference section, your comprehensive guide to the various Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs) and APIs used in Keptn.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Welcome to the Keptn documentation reference section,
which provides comprehensive information about the Keptn Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs) and APIs used in Keptn.
```
I'm not crazy about calling reference material a guide since one of the foundational principles of tech writing is that guides and reference material are two different types of documentation.  And yeah, your terminology doesn't exactly contradict that but someone will probably wince so good to just avoid the problem.

Author: Alright I will commit your suggestion.

## [CRD Reference](./crd-reference/index.md)

> Dive into the manifest files crucial for Keptn—Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs).

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure that this sentence adds anything.  The next line seems like a good topic sentence here.  Just my opinion.

This section provides comprehensive reference information about the CRDs 
that must be populated to tailor Keptn to your needs.

> Each CRD, an integral part of our API library, plays a crucial role in defining 

Reviewer 2: Is this accurate terminology, to say that the CRDs are part of the API library?  The CRD ref pages kind of duplicate information that is presented in the API reference, but in a format that is more useful to people who are not extremely advanced users.

Author: Oh sorry about that I will update it.

Author: I have made the change.

For a comprehensive list of all Keptn resources, see the [API Reference](./api-reference/index.md).

To learn more about CRDs, APIs, and Kubernetes objects, consult the Kubernetes documentation:

* [API Overview](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/)
* [Custom Resources](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/)
* [API versioning](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/#api-versioning)
* [Understanding Kubernetes Objects](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/kubernetes-objects/)

## [API Reference](./api-reference/index.md)

Explore the rich set of APIs that Keptn offers, providing detailed
information about all defined APIs. 
This auto-generated content from source code offers insights into the structure,
versioning, and functionality of Keptn APIs.

Each API corresponds to an object in our API library, following Kubernetes API versioning.
Keptn APIs extend the base Kubernetes API with additional objects and functionality. 
Notably, Keptn generates many of its resources automatically, minimizing the need for manual input.

> For quick reference and practical usage, you can employ `kubectl` commands

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For quick reference and practical usage, you can use `kubectl` commands
```

to inspect the current state of Keptn resources:

1. **List all resources** of a specific type within a namespace. For example:

    ```bash
    kubectl get keptnapps -n namespace1
    ```

2. **Retrieve the current manifest** for a specified resource. For example:

    ```bash
    kubectl get keptnapp -n <namespace> my-keptn-app -oyaml
    ```

> For further details on Kubernetes APIs, custom resources, versioning, and 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For further details about Kubernetes APIs, custom resources, versioning, and 
```

# Reference

Welcome to the Keptn documentation reference section,
which provides comprehensive information about the Keptn Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs) and APIs used in Keptn.

## [CRD Reference](./crd-reference/index.md)

> Dive into the manifest files crucial for Keptn—Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs).

Author: Alright.

* [API versioning](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/#api-versioning)
* [Understanding Kubernetes Objects](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/kubernetes-objects/)

## [API Reference](./api-reference/index.md)

Explore the rich set of APIs that Keptn offers, providing detailed
information about all defined APIs.
This auto-generated content from source code offers insights into the structure,
versioning, and functionality of Keptn APIs.

Each API corresponds to an object in our API library, following Kubernetes API versioning.
Keptn APIs extend the base Kubernetes API with additional objects and functionality.
Notably, Keptn generates many of its resources automatically, minimizing the need for manual input.

For quick reference and practical usage, you can employ `kubectl` commands
to inspect the current state of Keptn resources:

1. **List all resources** of a specific type within a namespace.
  For example:

    ```bash
    kubectl get keptnapps -n namespace1
    ```

2. **Retrieve the current manifest** for a specified resource.
  For example:

    ```bash
    kubectl get keptnapp -n <namespace> my-keptn-app -oyaml

>     ```

Author: Should I remove it completely?

>     ```

Reviewer: yes please

>     ```

Author: Alright.

# Reference

Welcome to the Keptn documentation reference section,
which provides comprehensive information about the Keptn Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs) and APIs used in Keptn.

> ## [CRD Reference](./crd-reference/index.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## CRD Reference
```

This section provides comprehensive reference information about the CRDs
that must be populated to tailor Keptn to your needs.

While the [API Reference](./api-reference/index.md) caters to advanced users with detailed technical specifications,
the CRD Reference serves as a more user-friendly alternative.
It presents the same information found in the API Reference but in a format
that is particularly useful for individuals who are not extremely advanced users.
While many resources are automatically populated,
the CRD Reference guides you through the manual steps for specific manifests.

For a comprehensive list of all Keptn resources, see the [API Reference](./api-reference/index.md).

> ## [API Reference](./api-reference/index.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## API Reference
```

> This auto-generated content from source code offers insights into the structure,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [API Reference](./api-reference/index.md) is content that is auto-generated from source code and offers insights into the structure,
```

# Reference

Welcome to the Keptn documentation reference section,
which provides comprehensive information about the Keptn Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs) and APIs used in Keptn.

## CRD Reference

> This section provides comprehensive reference information about the CRDs

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

This sentence seems redundant since we have an identical one right above...

Author: Alright I will update it.
